Walk them back I want to show you one of my favorite coding challenges that happens every year every
Christmas in December.
There's something called advent of code.
And if you google advent of code you'll see that all the 2017 version comes but based on when you're
watching the video there will be that 2018 version.
But you can also go back in time and do the previous year's If you go to 2016.
We see our 2016 version now as a community are 0 to mastery community on discord.
Every December we tackled this challenge and try to solve coding problems for 25 days straight.
And these are in my opinion some of the best logical problems they can solve with code.
They're really really good and they get harder and harder each day.
But the fun thing is that you'll have a community of people to do it with.
And as you can see here there is somberness there's Hacker News communities that work together in our
own community where we compare each other's code.
See who came up with what solution.
So I encourage you to do this even if it is in December but get ready because in December we're going
to be doing this challenge together every December as a community.
Happy advent of code.